refactor (#324)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/logging.md

Logging is enabled by using the [`-l` or `-L` command-line arguments](../basics/cmdline.md#-l-log-updates).

> This example will require a file `trade.q` containing instructions to create a trade table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example requires a file `trade.q` containing instructions to create a trade table:
```

Currently, only a single replicating process can subscribe to the primary process. If another kdb+ process attempts to replicate from the primary, the previous replicating process will no longer receive updates. If you need multiple replicating processes, you might like to consider [kdb+tick](../learn/startingkdb/tick.md).

## Replaying log files

Streaming-execute over a file is used (for example in kdb+tick) to replay a log file in a memory-efficient manner.

:fontawesome-solid-book-open:
[`-11!` streaming execute](../basics/internal.md#-11-streaming-execute)

> A logfile is just a list of lists, and each list is read in turn and evaluated by [`.z.ps`](../ref/dotz.md#zps-set) (which defaults to [`value`](../ref/value.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A logfile is essentially a list of lists and each list is read in turn and evaluated by [`.z.ps`](../ref/dotz.md#zps-set) (which defaults to [`value`](../ref/value.md)).
```

Here, for demonstration purposes, we manually create a logfile, and play it back through `-11!`. This is functionally equivalent to doing ``value each get `:logfile`` but uses far less memory.

```q
q)`:logfile.2013.12.03 set () / create a new,empty log file
`:logfile.2013.12.03
q)h:hopen `:logfile.2013.12.03 / open it
q)h enlist(`f;`a;10) / append a record
3i
q)h enlist(`f;`b;20) / append a record
3i
q)hclose h / close the file
q)/Define the function that is referenced in those records
q)f:{0N!(x;y)}
q)-11!`:logfile.2013.12.03 / playback the logfile
(`a;10)
(`b;20)
2
q)/ DO NOT DO THIS ON LARGE LOGFILES!!!!
q)/This is the whole purpose of -11!x.
q)value each get `:logfile.2013.12.03
(`a;10)
(`b;20)
`a 10
`b 20
```

If successful, the number of chunks executed is returned. 

> If the end of the file is corrupt a `badtail` error is signalled, which may be partially [recovered](#replay-from-corrupt-logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the end of the file is corrupt, a `badtail` error is signalled, which may be partially [recovered](#replay-from-corrupt-logs).
```

> In the event that the log file references an undefined function, the function name is signalled as an error. This can be confusing if the missing function name is `upd`, as it does not reflect the same situation as the license expiry `upd` error. e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event that the log file references an undefined function, the function name is signalled as an error. This can be confusing if the missing function name is `upd`, as it does not reflect the same situation as the license expiry `upd` error. For example:.
```
